[Autogenerated] Let's no focus on a set of dams which demonstrate aws stools,
which enables the monitoring off AWS account.
As an 80 administrator,
you're asked to log all activity performed on AWS Club romantics.
Account looks must be securely stored in EST Reebok.
It also you must ensure that logs are tamper evident and finally the
logs must be streamed in a user friendly format.
Let's start with the club trail dashboard.
We create a new trail, provide a meaningful name regarding management event.
We decide that we want both read and write events to be recorded.
We choose for the sake of simplicity not to log key aim s events.
We skip inside events here.
He should also be aware that enabling this function will cost addiction.
Aled money.
Regarding that, I Vance,
we enable logging for all present and future buckets
enabled on the current account.
Now we create a new back.
It we're all cloud trade logs and will be stored.
We enable lock validation as requested by the scenario and keep
the notification disabled for the moment.
Once covered trail has been created.
There is a final conflict to be done.
We specify that cloud Trey logs will be streamed to cloud wash logs.
And you should not be surprised that for these we need to
specify a role and an attached to the policy.
Now, using airless profile, we simulate an industry event.
We read all s three buckets and upload an object to a specific back it.
Then we moved to Cloud Wash logs without the 4th 15 minutes of delay.
The event generated by Ellis Action is recorded and streamed the two
cloudwatch log group created for this purpose.
When we open the event log element,
we can confirm that this is generated by Ellis Uploading file
on S three bucket As an 80 Administrator,
you're asked it.
Log all activity performed on AWS account and on a tear.
The party AWS account, which has been recently acquired by Global Mantex.
After the acquisition,
you are responsible to ensure governance for both accounts.
Logs coming from different account must be stored in
the same as three storage bucket.
To be able to satisfy this scenario,
we need to modify cloud trail target history back it.
Let us move to permission tub and let me outline which grant
access to a new folder identified by AWS account i d off the
company acquired by global Mantex.
Now we switch to the other account We create a new trail and
specified the already existing astri back it as target for these
new trail back to our primary account.
We see that a new folder as being created this folder will
receive all logs originated by Global.
Mantex acquired the company as an 80 administrator,
you're asked to provide a report which logs use age off AWS I am
credentials across your organization and is them we leverage on I am
tool to perform this task AWS I am makes a powerful tool of the label
Tow us to track down use age of credentials credential Report feature
is very easy to use.
It generates a report in comma separated values as you can see for all,
users were able to see when credentials has bean created and used.
Now we see that for root user we have aws access
keys enabled and if you remember,
we have enabled them when working with a stree MF a delete feature.
So let me looking as rooty user and disable access keys as
you can see now in I am main dashboard, all five items are green again, meaning that we have correctly secured our road user